# Examples of PlantUML diagrams generated by placeholder-substitution tool

## Activity diagram
After launching the application generates a log file in the `log` directory.
This log will be used as a recording of the tool behavior. Application uses its
own `substitution-doc.log` for generation of UML diagrams like this one, see below.

This diagram shows the first steps the application performs after launching.

&&beginPlaceholder {
    "className": "org.credibledoc.substitution.doc.module.substitution.launching.LaunchingUmlReportService",
    "description": "Diagram of the application launching created from substitution-doc.log.",
    "parameters": {"sourceFileRelativePath": "log/substitution-doc.log"}
} &&endPlaceholder

This diagram is shorter then the next one because the application generated a part
of log file only when it loaded this log file.

If you will launch the application more times then more log files will be created,
for example `substitution-doc_1.log`, `substitution-doc_2.log` and so on, as
configured in `src/main/resources/logback.xml` file. The next diagram is
generated from `substitution-doc_1.log` file and contains behavior from previous
launching. This diagram is longer because the application loaded the whole
log file generated during the previous launching.

&&beginPlaceholder {
    "className": "org.credibledoc.substitution.doc.module.substitution.launching.LaunchingUmlReportService",
    "description": "Diagram of the application launching created from substitution-doc_1.log.",
    "parameters": {"sourceFileRelativePath": "log/substitution-doc_1.log"}
} &&endPlaceholder

### Activity diagram with swimlanes
This Activity diagram shows main steps of the application activity parsed from a
substitution-doc_1.log file. 

&&beginPlaceholder {
    "className": "org.credibledoc.substitution.doc.module.substitution.activity.ActivityUmlReportService",
    "description": "Diagram of the previous application launching.",
    "parameters": {"sourceFileRelativePath": "log/substitution-doc_1.log"}
} &&endPlaceholder